Proposal for change of CPython supported versions (#65)
pytorch/rfcs: RFC-0038-cpython-support.md

# [CPython version support]

**Authors:**
* @albanD

## **Motivation**

> CPython release schedule is regularly cadenced every year. Given that the amount of work to enable and sunset versions yearly is fixed, we should be proactive in how we handle these tasks.

Reviewer: Nit (imo easier to parse than "regularly cadenced")
```suggestion
CPython follows annual release cycle. Given that the amount of work to enable and sunset versions yearly is fixed, we should be proactive in how we handle these tasks.
```

  - When: When the new cpython verion is officially released (Usually in October)
  - Planned for 3.13: 10/01
  - ETA: 2 week
  - Goal: Update nightlies to track the final release and advertise it as fully working
  - Who: Infra + Comms
- Full new version conda release
  - When: When the new cpython version and our runtime dependencies are supported onconda
  - ETA: 2 week
  - Goal: Push binaries that are officially supported
  - Who: Infra + Comms

### Detailed CPython old version Sunset

- Deprecate old version
  - When: During the release process of the last PyTorch release before the oldest version of python goes EOL
  - Planned for 3.8: October
  - Goal: announce deprecation of the oldest cpython version on dev-discuss + release
  - Who: Comms
- Stop releasing nightly binaries for oldest version
  - When: Once the last supported release happened
  - ETA: 2 weeks
  - Goal: remove all wheel and conda binaries for the EOL version
  - Who: Infra
- Upgrade oldest version CI
  - When: After nightlies are not published anymore
  - ETA: 2 weeks
  - Goal: migrate all the CI jobs running on the oldest version to the soon-to-be oldest version
  - Who: Infra

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice to add a paragraph here about BE work associated with removing workarounds specific to older version (i.e. if any `if sys.version < (x, y)` in Python code and similar ifdefs in C++)
